[improve][doc] SEO for Concepts and Architecture except Overview and Messaging (#674)
apache/pulsar-site: docs/tutorials-tenant.md

---

> Pulsar is a powerful messaging system you can use to process and route high volumes of data. Each t[enant](concepts-multi-tenancy.md#tenants) provides a distinct unit of isolation with its own set of roles, permissions, configuration settings, and bookmarks. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pulsar is a powerful messaging system you can use to process and route high volumes of data. Each [tenant](concepts-multi-tenancy.md#tenants) provides a distinct unit of isolation with its own set of roles, permissions, configuration settings, and bookmarks. 

```
